I am writing a simple website called 'Bad Reviews FOREVER' or 'brF' for short.

bnF is a website for immortalising bad reviews.
bnF starts with a full-width <header>.
The header contains a <h1> title styled using css to look like cuneiform engraved in ancient clay.
The <main> content is centrally justified, and has left and right margins in an accent of the <header> background color.
The main content consists of absolute positioned block 100vh subsections of marginally different background color that the user scrolls through.
Each section captures the scroll wheel to scroll its own content, if required.
The first main content section has most 3 100vh subsections and presents a short, irreverent history piece about the legendary 'complaint tablet to Ea-nasir'.
Each 100vh section has at least one image or figures that meaningfully contributes to the story.
The story is told in a sometimes somber, sometimes hyperbolic or bombastic tone, similar to how 'drunk history' stories are structured.
The story starts by introducing the concept of an indelible bad review.
The story is favourable to the displeased customer named 'Nanni'.
The story convinces the user that Nanni was in the right.
The story convinces the user that they too should record an indelible complaint.
brF's short story explains that this is possible, and that our tablet will be copper not clay, so last for even longer.

The second main content section contains two elements, each taking up roughly 50vh.
The first is a web form
the second is an element styled after an engraved clay tablet or slab
the slab shows either 2 previously submitted bad reviews with a blank/template space for the user's review above, or.
up to 3 blank template spaces, if there are not at least two user reviews to display.
the form:
bnF allows a user to record their bad review via a simple, but thematic web form.
the form has 6 text entry areas, one checkbox, and one submit button.
text entry areas:
1: user name
2: user location
name and location entry boxes share a row if accommodated by viewport width
3: the complaint text.
This is a large text entry area, allowing up to 200 characters.
4: the target of the complaint
5: the target's occupation
target complaint and occupation share a row if permitted by viewport width
6: user email
The user email entry box shares a row with a checkbox, ticking the checkbox accepts an offer.
The offer is described in a caption on the next row.
The offer promises to contact the user once 100 bad reviews have been recorded.
The offer promises the user their review, if approved, will be immortalised like Nanni's. Nanni used clay - we can do better,  using a copper template. slab along with others, which will be offered to the British museum.
The offer promises this for a fee of £10, reduced to £5 for users who sign up before 80 bad reviews are recorded.
on the next row is a full-width form submit button, stylised to look like etched copper.
Once the form is submitted, bnF displays a chart.js chart in place of the input form.
The chart combines the user's submitted data with data kept in local storage. later versions will use a database.
The chart shows an area graph.
The chart y axis tracks the number of bad reviews
the chart x axis shows bad reviews over time
the centermost data point on the x-axis represents the current review.
The data points before this represent the past.
The data points after this are a projection of the future.
The middle of the future projection shows the projected date and time 100 reviews will be accumulated.
The end of the future projection shows the projected date the real copper tablet will be engraved.
form submission:
once the user has submitted their bad review, a css/javascript animation etches the bad review into the blank/template space at the top of the slab element.
When this animation is complete, the slab smoothly expands its 100vh container downwards offscreen to reveal more user reviews.
The slab can make its container grow to show up to 15 reviews, taking up to 250vh by default.
at the bottom of this expansion is a wide, short down-chevron, z-aligned over the bottom o the last shown entry,
When this chevron is clicked it is visibly depressed as a button, expanding the 250vh container again up to 500vh, after which its content scrolls within the container.
The last main content section describes in detail the plot to have a modern slab of indelible complaints displayed at the British museum alongside Nanni's, detailing the projected timeline from the 100th bad review through to the slab's display at the museum.
down the left-hand side of this written timeline runs a gradually thickening line that frames the bullet points for the events within the timeline, and ends with an arrowhead pointing to the result of the new tablet being displayed.
Only then does the site confirm that the British museum has not been consulted on this, and will be presented with the tablet as part of a live-recorded unannounced visit.
The <footer> is a full width splash mirroring the dimensions and colouring of the <header>
the <footer> contains boilerplate acknowledgments and copyright notices and links to the developer's github and social media.
While elaborate, the site is, in effect, a simple guestbook that has only one html file, and is navigated using anchor tags that jump between sections within it.
The intended audience is anyone with a bad review they wish to immortalise, thereby turning a bad memory into a source of entertainment.
the site has the tone of a bathos, it is an absurd and pointless amusement with a serious documentary tone.
I have not picked branding for the site yet.  
The color scheme should appear ancient or classical, and befit a museum.